Refactoring all taks to initiate variable with Set-SamplerTaskVariable script issue#110 (#111)
dsccommunity/DscResource.Test: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Refactoring all taks to initiate variable with `Set-SamplerTaskVariable` script ([issue #110](https://github.com/dsccommunity/DscResource.Test/issues/110)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refactoring all tasks to initialise variable with `Set-SamplerTaskVariable` script ([issue #110](https://github.com/dsccommunity/DscResource.Test/issues/110)).
```
